[[TOC]]

= Inception Phase Meeting 1 =

== Dates ==

 * 2008-02-14 (Thursday)
 * 2008-02-15 (Friday)

== Venue ==

Kindly hosted by RNIB, in Peterborough (UK).

== Participants ==

 * Daniel Weck (DFA)
 * Ole Holst Andersen (DAISY)
 * Colin Garnham (RNIB)
 * David Gordon (RNIB)
 * Stephen Hibberd (RNIB)
 * John Worsfold (RNIB)

== Objectives ==

This 2-day session is a workshop, where participants are expected to interact in brainstorming mode.

The expected outcome is:

 * lay the foundation of a workflow for requirements gathering: input -> process -> report, with online collaborative tools.
 * a list of "buckets" to use for categorizing requirements and for eventually prioritizing them.
 * a preliminary list of unsorted requirements.
 * accounts setup on CVS-Dude / Trac for the main participants.
 * action items allocations for each main team member.
 * a date for the next meeting.

== Agenda ==

 * Present an overview of the DAISY Consortium's Open-Source strategy, and the role of Tobi within that context.
 * Present a reminder of the D3PT-reqs, and the position of Tobi in that context.
 * Present the online collaboration tools.
 * Present the expected deliverables for the next upcoming major milestone.
 * Brainstorm on the usability and feature-set of the "ideal-realistic" Tobi.
 * Talk about some of the technical challenges if time allows.
 * Formalize a systematic process for requirements gathering.
 * Specify a structure for the information generated by the process.
 * Wrap-up: action items, next meeting.

== Minutes ==

'''For clarity, the content produced during the workshop has been dispatched into separate Wiki pages, please check out the links in the next section of this document.'''

Tobi targets 2 different audiences:

 1. The '''end-users''' who need an alternative open-source production tool, to fulfill the immediate full-text full-audio DAISY 3 production needs. Strong emphasis on the developing countries, while not excluding the industrialized world (the application will be marketed here too, only not as a direct competitor to the authoring tools currently commercially available from some DAISY members).

 2. The '''programmers''' (individuals or commercial companies) that wish to develop plugins to extend the functionality of the baseline Tobi implementation: drivers for input/output devices (Braille displays, studio lights, etc.), authoring modules for MathML / SVG, spell-checkers, dictionaries, templates, etc.

=> The first major deliverable is expected in June 08, containing the '''UI mockup''' and '''workflow prototype''', as well as the '''straw-man specification''' of the application framework (modular architecture, extension points).

Useful input from trainers (at RNIB and elsewhere): statistics about usage patterns, keyboard shortcuts, etc. (UI usability)

Useful input for technical support: system integration issues. Less maintenance ! (automatic online software updates, generating valid documents to avoid the time-consuming manual correction process, etc.).

D3PT requirements (and source use-cases), relationship with Tobi. Distribution of use-cases across the DAISY suite of production tools (Obi, Pipeline etc.). Original design goals established as a draft during the first meeting with RNIB, in Copenhagen (with Steve Tyler and Nick Williamson) are now in need for an update (all on the Wiki already).

Current state-of-the-art (i.e. Ease-Publisher, LPStudio Pro, Sigtuna DAR, etc.). Loose format for this session, to let everyone express views and concerns at any level they felt comfortable with (low-level technical stuff, high-level accessibility and usability). Constructive criticism, extract the essence of what makes a good authoring tool and what lets it down.

The use of the Urakawa SDK is quite a leap forward, in that it does not depend on the technicalities of the DAISY "distribution" or "cooked" format. Instead, a dedicated authoring data model is used, which limits the risk of authors corrupting the document integrity (HTML IDs, etc.).

Document model types (book, newspaper, magazine, financial report, slideshow, DVD menu, captioned video, etc.)...the consensus is that the core foundation of the document model is a tree structure, which enforces a hierarchy and onto which semantics and data can be added.

== Links  ==

 * GUI Mockups: [wiki:inception/Mockups]
 * Requirements: [wiki:inception/Requirements]
 * Guidelines, Good Practices: [wiki:guidelines]
 * USPs: UniqueSellingPoints
 * Meetings list: [wiki:meetings]
 * Conference Calls: [wiki:calls]

== Action Items ==

(the indicated numbers are Ticket entries from the Issue Tracker, they do not number the list below)

 * #6 (Daniel): Naming conventions for Wiki pages, etc. Add a page on the Trac-Wiki to describe guidelines.
 * #5 (Daniel): Add accounts for the RNIB guys.
 * #7 (Stephen): RNIB has usability specialists, who ?
 * #8 (Daniel) Setup Google calendar account for sharing schedules.
 * #9 (Stephen) Ask management about FTE allocation.
 * #10 (Stephen) Setup (with Ian) mailing-lists for Tobi / Pipeline collaboration.
 * #11 (John) Test Obi and identify patterns we need to mimic in Tobi (for consistency)
 * #12 (Daniel) Setup a conference-call for next week (Monday 18th...)
 * #13 (Daniel) Find a studio/flat accommodation (4 beds) for the next RNIB meeting in Peterborough (cheaper than 4 individual rooms).